Added wallets guide (#25)
GoldenGateGGX/documentation: docs/metamask.md

**Token Managemen**t: MetaMask supports various ERC-20 tokens, allowing users to view and manage their token balances within the wallet. It also facilitates token transfers and token approvals required for interacting with different decentralized applications.

**Network Customization**: MetaMask allows users to switch between different EVM-based networks, including the mainnet, testnets (like Ropsten, Kovan, and Rinkeby), and custom networks. This flexibility enables users to interact with dApps across different EVM-based networks. 

MetaMask has gained significant popularity within the blockchain ecosystem due to its user-friendly interface, seamless dApp integration, and wide adoption by developers and users alike. It serves as a crucial tool for accessing and interacting with the blockchain and its associated decentralized applications.

To install MetaMask, follow these steps:

Open your preferred web browser (Chrome, Firefox, or Brave) and visit the MetaMask website at <https://metamask.io/>.

> On the MetaMask website, click on the "Get Chrome Extension" (or "Get Firefox Extension" or "Get Brave Extension") button, depending on the browser you are using.

Reviewer: We should have screenshots accompany this.

Remember to keep your MetaMask password and seed phrase secure. The seed phrase is crucial for wallet recovery and should be stored offline in a safe place.

Note: The installation steps may vary slightly depending on the browser you are using. Make sure to follow the specific instructions for your browser.

To use metamask with one of the Golden Gate networks, you will need to add the respective network into the metamask. You can do that using our video instruction <https://youtu.be/0RSAoHbn6C8> or follow the steps:
Open the MetaMask extension by clicking on the MetaMask icon in your browser's toolbar.

In the MetaMask interface, click on the account avatar at the top right corner and select "Settings" from the dropdown menu.

In the Settings menu, select the "Networks" tab.

Scroll down to the "Networks" section and click on the "Add Network" button.

A form will appear where you can enter the details of the custom network.

Network Name: Provide a name for the Golden Gate network.
New RPC URL: Enter the URL of the custom network's RPC (Remote Procedure Call) endpoint. https://testnode.ggxchain.io for the Golden Gate testnet 

> Chain ID: Input the Chain ID associated with the custom network. 8866 for the Golden Gate testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chain ID: Input the Chain ID associated with the custom network. The Golden Gate testnet uses chain-id 888866
```
